# PrepMe
PrepMe is a website that is used to store future college applicants' application information. The information it can store consists of the classes the user has taken with grades, the standardized tests a user has taken with scores, and the recommendations users will be getting with the anticipated strength of the recommendation. PrepMe than has a feature where it rates a user's application based on the inputted information, and provides feedback on which areas of a user's application are strong, and which could use improvement. Finally, PrepMe contains a resume help page that displays an example resume a college student would submit, as well as some helpful tips.
    In order to use PrepMe, you will need to unzip the project.zip file in the CS50IDE and execute the command "cd /project/PrepMe". After doing this, simply type flask run in the terminal window and hit enter to be provided with a link to your browser with the PrepMe website. The first page you will see is the login page. If this is your first time using PrepMe, you will need to click 'Register' in the top right. You will be taken to a registration page, where you can create a username and password for your account, and upon verification of the password you will have created a profile. Now, you will be redirected to the login page, where you can enter your username and password to login to your PrepMe account.
    After logging in, you will see your My Profile page, which has three tables: Classes, Tests, and Recommendations. Let's start with the Classes table. To add or remove a class, click the 'Edit Classes' button below the 'Classes' table. Now, you will see the 'Edit Classes' page, where you can add or remove a class. To add a class, provide all of the required class information in the four fields below the 'Add a Class' header. If any of the fields are not filled out and you attempt to submit the form, PrepMe will return an error letting you know why you cannot proceed, as well as outlining the field that is causing the issue in red. If you have added a class that you now want to remove, you can select it from the dropdown box below the 'Remove a Class' header. Once all of the info required to add and/or remove a class is selected, you can click the update button to add/remove the class from your My Profile page. If at any time you decide not to add/remove a class, you can click the cancel button to be returned to the My Profile page, and none of the information inputted into the fields will be saved. To add or remove a test, click the 'Edit Tests' button below the Tests table. When the page loads, you will see below the 'Add a Test' header two input fields for information about the test you want to add. Depending on the type of test you select, the number of input fields may change, as more information is required for certain tests. Ensure all of the fields are filled out to add that test. If any of the fields are not filled out and you attempt to submit the form, PrepMe will return an error letting you know why you cannot proceed, as well as outlining the field that is causing the issue in red. To remove a test, select the test that you want to remove from your profile in the dropdown box below the 'Remove a Test' header. Again, some tests will require more information if you want to remove them, so ensure that all the fields are filled out before submitting. Once you have entered all of the required information for the test you want to add and/or remove, click the update button to add/remove the class to/from your My Profile page. If at any time you decide not to add/remove a test, you can click the cancel button to be returned to the My Profile page, and none of the information inputted into the fields will be saved. Finally, to add or remove a recommendation, click the 'Edit Recommendations' button below the 'Recommendations' table. You will see three fields below the 'Add a Recommendation' header. All of these fields must be filled out in order to add a recommendation. To remove a recommendation, select the name of the recommender in the dropdown box below the 'Remove a Recommendation' header. Ensure all required fields have been filled out before clicking the update button. If they are not, PrepMe will return an error letting you know why you cannot proceed, as well as outlining the field that is causing the issue in red. Once all required fields have been filled out, click the update button to add and/or remove the recommendation to/from your My Profile page. If at any time you decide not to add/remove a test, you can click the cancel button to be returned to the My Profile page, and none of the information inputted into the fields will be saved.
    After you have entered in all of your application information, you can get your application rated. To do this, click either the 'See My Rating!' button at the bottom of the My Profile page, or the 'My App Rating' link in the navbar at the top of the page. Once clicked, the application rating page will display. There are four sections on this page: 'Classes', 'Tests', 'Recommendations', and 'Rating'. The first three provide specific feedback about your application's strength in that specific area. The 'Rating' section gives feedback about the overall condition of your application based on your current application information.
    Finally, there are the 'Resume Tips' and 'About the Developer' pages. The 'Resume Tips' page can be accessed via either the link in the navbar up top or the link in the text at the bottom of the 'My Profile' page. Once there, you can see an example resume and some helpful tips about what a college application resume should look like. The 'About the Developer' page is a short text about why I decided to make PrepMe, as well as a picture of myself.
    ***git does not support this dynamic website, to see demo visit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFXV0-Nv1tA&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=JoshuaMichels ***
